I was just passing by the house of my husband.
One day...
How about it, mother?
Why don't you give me my husband?
I'll take you to the 300 countries' head office.
If that's true, I'll tell you the truth.
I'll tell you the truth.
There's a boy named Ushimatsu in the family.
There's also a child named Matsutaro.
What?
You've been fooling me all this time?
Don't get angry.
Please listen to me.
If you kill Ushimatsu in the morning,
I'll make sure your parents understand.
What about the child?
I'll kill him in the morning.
I'm sorry to have made such a bad decision.
I was scolded by Komori and came home.
Shut up, kid.
Please turn the fire off.
I'll kill Matsutaro before Komori drinks the wine.
I won't let you get in my way.
I'm sorry to have made you sad.
I'm sorry Matsubo is sick.
You shouldn't do that.
Take good care of him.
I'm worried about Matsutaro while I'm worried about the shop.
I closed the shop and hurried home.
I saw a strange thing.
Why didn't you come to pick me up?
I'm sure your mother is having a bad time.
Do you have any news?
Matsutaro is looking at the kitchen.
Matsutaro is lying down with a different color.
He heard a sound.
I killed my granddaughter.
I'm sure your granddaughter is pregnant.
If I kill Ushimatsu, I'll be fine.
Mom, remember this.
I have to catch him.
Hey, rice.
Rice.
I'll chase him with a dance.
I'll run to him.
The End